Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi everyone. This is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. I
am lucky to have Gary
Nissenbaum on the show from
GD and law.com. Gary is
a managing attorney and the
principal of the initial bond
law group. And he's an
internet law attorney. We have
a lot of programmers on
the show, but I haven't
had a lot of people
to come on and really
explain how things work from
a legal perspective. So I'm
very happy to have Gary
on the show. How are
you, sir? I'm very well.
Thank you. And thank you
for having me. I'm really
looking forward to this. Yeah,
I, you know, we are
all developers who listen or
we are it people or
me, or maybe advanced users.
And even though I consider
myself an advanced user, you
know, I tend to just
click, I agree on the
website terms and conditions, and
I'm starting to worry that
maybe I need to read
it like completely Well, everybody
keeps telling you to be
more agreeable in life. This
is one of those situations
where it might not make
sense to do that without
looking at it a little
closer. So we'll talk about
that. Yeah. I mean, what
are the rights that are
affected and between a website
terms and conditions or when
I hit, okay. On my
iPhone with every app that
I installed, well, People automatically
assume, I think is that
the terms and conditions are
about payment. They're about utilizing
your credit card there about
being able to gather information
about you. But there are
other very important rights that
are being scaled back to
one extent or another that
you have. And though they're
important. So when you click
those terms and conditions, generally
speaking, you may be waving
your right to Sue your
you're waiving your, the liability
for utilizing the website. It
may be that you are
making a representation that you're
not infringing on anyone. So
if you are infringing and
the website gets, the website
gets sued. For some reason,
you may be indemnifying. The
people who own the website,
you may be consenting to
jurisdiction or, or a choice
of law in a state
that in which you don't
reside and you have no
other connection to. So these
sorts of things are rights
that are being either waived
completely, or at least changed
in some fashion that you
may not be immediately thinking
of when you sign, when
you click in the one
we're going to talk about
today, which is one of
the really important ones is
waiving your right to Sue
in a court of law
or to file a class
action. We part of a
class action. And instead relegating
you to an arbitration. What
is the difference between an
arbitration and suing? I mean,
ultimately I want someone to
hear my problem and I
want them to hear me
and either they win or
I win. Well, that's another
really interesting part of this
is that people generally think
that arbitration is a, is
a wonderful development because you
don't have to go through
the crowded courts. You're not
dealing with the lengthy delays.
You're not dealing with a
judge who may know nothing
whatsoever about the digital world.
And you have far more
control about scheduling and other
things, but few people who
aren't in this world, the
world of, of law and
the world of dispute resolution
are aware or, or think
of the fact that you're
waiving your right to a
jury trial, your, your almost
getting rid of your right
to an appeal you can
appeal. But the appellate rights
are very, very difficult to,
to assert. Usually it's whether
what was done by the
arbitrator was arbitrary and capricious,
you're scaling back the tools.
You have to subpoena witnesses
and get discovery. You can,
you can do it, but
it's not the same robust
discovery of facts and documents
that you would have in
a, in a lawsuit. And
I guess this is an
important point to make as
well, which is I'm speaking
in generalities because I don't
know the state in which
your listeners are listening to
this. I certainly don't know
when they're going to be
listening to this. These are
all evolving areas of the
law. So nothing I'm giving
you shall be relied on
as legal advice. But on
the other hand, I'm trying
to give you general principles
that I think are applicable
to most situations on some
level. That's a great point.
As we like to say
on the internet, I a
N a L I am
not a lawyer and well,
I am not a lawyer.
And while you are a
sir, neither of us are
giving any kind of advice
that someone should take action
on. Just like when I
talk about open source licensing,
I speak in generalities, from
my opinion, the same thing
applies. You may be listening
to this show tomorrow or
five years from now, things
change, but the general, the
general structure that you're outlying
here will at least give
the listeners an opportunity to
go and research this on
their own. That's right. It's
not hard to find this
stuff on the internet. If
you just want to look
at some of the cases
that I'm talking about in
the reference materials, they're easily
accessible. So I'm hearing a
little bit that going into
arbitration is a bit of
a dice role, more so
than having a formal lawsuit,
because you used the word
capricious, like you just don't
know who the arbitrator is.
If they've received appropriate discovery,
if all of the things
that you need to make
your case to the arbitrator
have been made available to
them. One of the great
things about arbitrations, let's talk
about it. The upside is
that you could pick somebody
who's, for example, the former
general counsel of a major
it company, and have that
person be your arbitrator, they'll
know the lingo, they'll understand
the concepts. They will have
managed these kinds of projects.
And so whatever the dispute
is, if it's that hyper-technical
there, they're already there. They
don't have to be educated
on the basic information. They
just have to learn about
the case. So that's an
example where it works really
well, but the downside, and
you do have some, some
volitional control over who the
arbitrator will be. You, you
get to pick from a
list, you know, usually it's
done consensually. There are times
when the arbitrators name is,
is thrust upon you, but
that's a rare situation. But
the, the more important thing
is that you don't have
the levels of protection, the
level of the structure of
the court system. And when,
as you know, I mean,
as you know, from the
world of being a developer
and, and being in the
digital world, when you take
shortcuts through, through a complicated
system, to a cut, to
achieve a goal, sometimes it
works. Sometimes it's a disaster.
And so it's it's, as
you said, you're taking more
of a chance in arbitration
because there's less structure. It's
a little surprising to me
that there isn't some kind
of a requirement, like, I
don't know how it works
in, in medical arbitration or
medical cases, but you would
assume that you'd want maybe,
I don't know, an arbitrator
who was also a doctor
or had some expertise, but
it seems like in all
of these areas, there is
no requirement that the arbitrator
be it experienced or a
developer themselves, they could just
be anyone. Well, actually you're
describing the court system. When
you think about it, there's
no, there's no requirement that
a judge know anything about
your particular industry. And in
fact, you don't get to
choose your judge. So if
anything, this is more in
that direction where the two
parties are splitting the costs.
Most of the time of
the arbitrator, they're deciding which
organization to use and to
supply the arbitrator and which
rules to use. So you
do have some control over
that. And assuming both parties
want someone who has industry
experience the likelihood is that
you'll somebody with at least
some industry exposure. Hmm. Interesting.
And it is, it is
a thumb war as they
go back and forth. And
if you did go to
a lawsuit and there was
a jury involved or people,
those people are either pro
or con and they're during
discovery, they're trying to figure
out whether or not, not
discovery, whether during jury selection
and trying to figure out
whether the person is going
to be beneficial towards one
side or the other, right.
That's right. They're there, there's
a whole career path for
people who evaluate juries and
get an a they're called
jury consultants. And they help
lawyers pictures. It's never clear
who you're going to get
on that jury and what
their predispositions are. You get
the chance to ask them
questions, but frankly, how many
questions can you ask? And
how much can you learn
about somebody in that, in
that quick situation where you're
just asking a few questions
in a public forum. So
in, in, in a situation
where there's no jury you,
the, the result you might
get might be more predictable.
However, the other side of
that is you may have
a lawsuit in which you
are a sympathetic plaintiff. In
other words, you're an employee
suing an employer, and there's
a lot more people on
that jury who are employees,
then our employers, there might
be somebody who was injured.
And so there's a sympathy
factor. So the idea is
there are certain lawsuits, certain
disputes in which juries are
very, very beneficial for one
side and are a real
problem for the other side
because of likability. Interesting. So
that actually brings me to
the larger question of why
businesses want terms and conditions
that prevent lawsuits. Why do
they want to push us
the users towards this arbitration?
Are they doing that because
arbitration is fundamentally pro-business or
better for the businesses? Well,
some people say that I
think it's more nuanced than
that. I think that generally
businesses want predictability. And that
predictability means that the subset
of information and education that
one person has is the
same as the general subset,
as the other people in
the process, the person who
started this business as running
this business is the representative.
This business may have a
similar orientation toward business that
the arbitrator has, which doesn't
mean they're going to win.
It doesn't mean the arbitrator
is going to always decide
in favor of the business.
But what it does mean
is that we're speaking, we're
talking about apples and apples.
We kind of under, we
have similar assumptions and we're
not going to necessarily who
knows, but we're not going
to necessarily have these outlier
decisions, these decisions that don't
seem to have a rational
basis, or that seem unpredictable.
And don't what I said
originally, which is that the
appeal process generally speaking, is
you can appeal on the
basis that the award was
arbitrary and capricious. Now, those
two words are pretty extreme.
I mean, if you, it's
very hard to show this
something that somebody did was
totally arbitrary and completely apprentice.
That's unusual. So again, the
idea is that you're, you're,
you're putting yourself in someone's
hands. You want to know
that, that their orientation toward
the dispute up or down,
whether you win or lose
is of a similar nature.
How do the, how could
the law enforce these terms
and conditions? If I just,
I don't know, bumped agree
or I didn't speak English
and I clicked degree. Did
they put in a database
somewhere? He clicked, agree on
this date from this location,
at this IP address at
this latitude and longitude, or
do they just say, well,
he made it this far.
He must have clicked degree.
How is it binding at
all? I didn't sign anything.
What's so interesting about this
is that it goes back
to believe it or not.
1925 that's seems to be
so 1925, there was a
law that was passed. It
was called the federal arbitration
act. And essentially what this
said was that the United States
wants to promote capitalism. And
in order to do that,
it wants disputes to be
resolved rapidly, fairly with people
with some level of expertise.
And so it gave a
thorny to two arbitrations that
arbitrations had jurisdiction, arbitrations were
binding. However, for purposes of
what we're discussing today, there
was a countervailing concept in
the same law, which said
that in a contract, you
could waive your right to
a lawsuit and force an
arbitration. So it wouldn't be
a decision that you would
make consensually the way I
was just saying the way
the law was meant to
be. You could literally force
somebody into arbitration. If you
could show that they waived
their right to go to
court and that they affirmatively
agreed to go into arbitration.
And in fact, the courts
use the term, there's a
liberal federal policy, favoring arbitration
agreements. So the very agreements
I'm talking about are favored
by the courts. The courts
want us to arbitrary if
we can. Hmm. How is
it enforceable though? How, from
a, from an app developer's
perspective, I just, I talked
to a lawyer, I get
some paperwork. I put the
paper, you know, I put,
I paste it into my
dialogue box. I put agree
and disagree. Couldn't I just
argue, I never pushed degree.
Well, there, there was a
case that was recently decided
concerning Uber's terms and conditions
and the placement of the
clickable link so forth. There
was another case that was
recently decided with Amazons. And
another one that was loosely
decided with Airbnb and this
group of cases really illustrates
the trend of what we're
talking about. But to go
to your question in particular,
there was an interesting analogy
in the Amazon case, these
are all federal cases in
the Amazon case, the court
said that it's like a
basket of apples being sold,
and there's a wall behind
it, filled with signs. Some
of those signs contain information
necessary for the purchase, such
as price, method of payment
delivery details and so forth.
Others you disregard because their
advertisements and among all those
different signs, there's additional terms
and conditions possibly waiving the
right to go to court.
The question is, has the
Apple stand owner provided reasonably
conspicuous, notice that you're waiving
your rights, and we're going
to talk today about the
fact that it's a 51%
49% decision. And there's a
lot of factors as to
whether these terms and conditions
are in fact enforceable, whether
you can force somebody to
waive their right to go
to court. And what's interesting
about that for developers is
that it resides not so
much in the law, not
so much in these ancient
concepts of contract, that's only
where it starts, but where
the decision really resides is
in how you configure the
website, the graphical interface, where
things are, how they're clickable,
and that is why I'm
on the air with you
today, because it's really more
of a developer's expertise that
you need to make your
way through this thicket. Then
as well as legal ability
and illegal understanding of what
a contract is about. Interesting,
I would probably guess or
argue that most developers don't
give it much thought they,
there is a thing in
the developer community though, that
is called a dark user
interface concepts, where one goes
out of their way to
obscure things like, I'm sure
you've gone to download a
file before download some application,
and you clicked on the
button that looked like it
was download, but it was
really an advertisement that had
a download button embedded. These
are those dark user interface
styles where someone has maliciously
coded something or written something
and, and, and counted on,
you know, nontechnical parent to
go and click on something
like that. I would presume
if I want to have
an enforceable terms of service,
I would want to go
out of my way to
make it the opposite of
that to make it very
obvious that there's no question
that this is, is clear
and obvious and the, that
the user has the opportunity
to understand those terms or
condition That's right. It, the
example you gave is the
easy one, because if clicking
something that you think is
one thing, and it's deliberately
meant to mislead, it's very
likely that won't be enforceable,
but in this world, there
were really four terms. And,
and if we have a
takeaway today from this podcast,
these are the four terms
we have to talk about,
which is a click wrap,
a browse wrap, a scroll
wrap, and a sign in
rap. And the reason they
keep saying the word rap
is that it goes back
to what used to be
called shrink wrap when they
would put plastic around something,
and then you would open
it up. And when you
opened it up, the terms
and conditions would be right
there in the shrink wrap.
So the idea is click
wrap is when a person
goes on a website and
the user has to click.
I agree in a certain
box after being presented with
the terms and conditions, that
is a strong and robust
website, disclaimer, and terms and
conditions are generally enforceable. Browse
wrap is where you post
the terms and conditions via
a hyperlink at the bottom
of the screen, but you're
not required to expressly click
them. You're not required to
expressly consent to them. There
isn't an actual link that
forces you to say, I
agree or don't agree. Scroll
wrap is where you have
to scroll through the terms
and you have to indicate
your assent to them by
clicking. I agree again, strong
because they did look through
them. And then the final
one is a sign in
wrap where you're notified of
the existence of the terms
and conditions. But instead of
providing an I agree button,
you're basically advised at a
later point in the sign
in process or the purchase
process that you are by
purchasing this item, agreeing to
the terms and conditions as
well. It's not a separate
button for terms and conditions,
right? Those are four different
things and they have four
different levels of enforceability. It's
interesting that I would think
that we, I remember, so
I couldn't tell you the
year that it happened, but
I remembered when I saw
a squirrel rap for the
first time, I was like,
Oh, okay. I guess I'm
going to hold page down
and then actively not read
this and then hit, you
know, then the agree button
will light up. When I
get to the bottom, I
suppose I would have some
amount of plausible deniability, but
it's such a much more
significant action to actively scroll
past the, the, the terms
of services. And then click
agree. Certainly hard to prove
that I didn't do that
or that I, you know,
other than having apathy towards
it. And just to show
you how, how close a
call all this is the
main case that just came
out. There was a case
decided in August of 2017,
that's how recent it is.
The lower court, the federal
district court for the Southern
district of New York decided that
the Uber terms and conditions
were not enforceable. And the
second circuit court of appeals,
which is the appellate court
that heard the appeal of
that same case. So it
went up on appeal. It
overturned that and said that
under the same under these
facts, it was enforceable. So
you have two different courts,
very well respected coming to
different conclusions with the same
facts. And if you want,
I can go into some
of the sort of characteristics
of, of the Uber situation.
And maybe this might be
interesting to your listeners to
kind of hear how that
was parsed. Yeah, please do.
I'm on the, on the,
in the Uber case, it
was a, a man named
Kalanick, K a L a
N I C K a.
This is a 2015 case.
And basically riders of Uber
were, they had a first
screen. They clicked next, go
to the second screen. The
second screen has a registration
process and various fields for
credit cards and so forth.
And beneath the field is
a large prominent button that
says register beneath that button
in very, very small font
or the words quote, by
creating an Uber account, you
agree to the terms of
service and privacy policy. And
so that is in there,
but it's not highlighted in
a way that that would,
that would make the person
kind of see it in
all the clutter of these,
of the screen. I'm a
potential user. Here's the key
may click on the register
button without clicking on the
terms of service button. So
you don't have to hit
terms of service in order
to finish the transaction. You're
just advised about it. There
was a point in the
case about the fact that
the letters were small, that
you're looking at this on
a cell phone, so it's
wasted. And that even if
you, you did click the
hyperlink for the terms of
service, you're not taken to
the actual terms and conditions
you're taken to a screen,
a screen that contains a
button that then you have
to click again to get
to the terms of service.
And it's only by clicking
that, that you get there.
So my point is that
this was a situation in
which you were going over
and over and over this
one, one screen, after another
screen, after another screen to
finally get to the terms
of service and the court
basically said that there was
a problem with this, you
cannot assume. And here's the
key that a reasonable smart
form user, a person who
is a reasonably prudent smartphone
user is aware of the
likely contents of the terms
of service under these cases,
additions. And it is requiring
a breath. I'm quoting now
a breath of the range
of technological savvy of online
purchasers that may not exist
here. And so that's really
the key to the lower
courts saying this, this cannot
fly. The person is not
agreeing to it. What was
interesting is that the, the
court of appeals, when it
went on appeal, the second
circuit disagreed, and they said
that this was reasonably conspicuous
given. And this is a
quote that modern cell phones
are now such a pervasive
and insistent part of daily
life that the proverbial visitor
from Mars might conclude. There
were an important feature of
human anatomy, two thirds of
American adults own a smartphone.
And that the idea of
even going on Uber means
that you have, have been
able to download an app.
You can't do it without
downloading the Uber app. So
the very fact that you've
gotten here to the point
of using the app means
you've downloaded it, which means
that you understand the process
of downloading an app, and
that you've already seen that
there's a terms and conditions
that, that accord with that
app. And you also understand
that text that is highlighted
in blue and underlined means
that it's a hyperlink and
that you can click on
it. And that there's another
screen you're going to go
to. And so putting all
that together, the court said,
yeah, perhaps in 1995 or
2005, even we might've decided
this differently. But now with
the fact that this is
just the way life is,
and people use these apps
as part of their daily
life, that there is a
heightened standard of technological savvy
that we're going to accord
to reasonably prudent people. Therefore,
we're going to assume that
they understood what they were
doing. Yeah, that is a
tough one. I mean, I,
you know, never underestimate though
the ignorance of the human
condition. I honestly, I, I
could, I could totally understand
both ways. And that's why
it's so interesting that this
was then ruled and then
overturned. Certainly do all people.
I always use the term
nontechnical parent does. Non-tech no
parent know that there's a
terms and conditions, honestly, unless
they had a scroll wrap
or something that blocked them.
I would probably argue that
my parents would not know
that there were terms buried
in the terms and conditions
that would in any way
hurt them. Here's the interesting
thing about that. The courts
talk about that and they
discuss the fact that there
is a level of willful
ignorance that, that if the
law law only requires that
you make a reasonable effort
to make this conspicuous and
to give your user a
reasonable opportunity to utilize it
so that you're not tricking
anybody and you're not making
it so complicated that it
just the right has no
value. But if you have
somebody who uses an app
and understands their terms of
service understands that they, that
they are probably a great
to them because that's why
they're there. But as refused
to read them neglected, to
read them, the court has
very little sympathy for that
person. You had your chance.
You didn't read them well,
okay, they're enforceable. And you
kind of know that and
you're taking your chances. So
it's an, it's an interesting
dynamic because there's two sides
to it. And by the
way, there were two other
cases in the last two
years, one for Amazon, and
one for Airbnb that went
two different ways on this,
which if you want, I
can talk a little bit
about that. Do we have
time to just breathe One
minute before you start that
for people who want to
learn more about the Uber
case, just to make sure
that names are clear. Travis
Kalanick was the former chief
executive officer, former CEO stepped
down the individual. On the
other side, there was a
mayor, M E Y E
R. So you'll look for
Spencer mayor and Kalanick. You
can learn about that. And
it's, it's playing out in
the news. This just happened
in August, the overturning and
the second Board of appeals.
That's right. And, and remember,
if you are looking at
this online, there were two
different cases. There's the Southern
district of New York case. That's
the lower court. It was
overturned by the second circuit.
So you got to see
both to really get the
full picture. The, let me
just briefly talk about two
other cases that your listeners
might find interesting along these
lines, Selden, S E L
D E N versus Airbnb.
There's a 2016 case, and
this is in the DC
circuit, meaning Washington DC. And
this was basically a situation
in which an African American
wanted to get a, a
residence on Airbnb in order
to go on vacation or
whatever. He was turned down.
He, as the court said,
smelled a rat. So he
went in and made it
appear that he was Caucasian.
And immediately the answer was,
yes, it's available. You can,
you can have this. And
so he sued for racial
discrimination. And the question was,
do you, do you have
to go to arbitration under
the terms and conditions and
what the court there found
was that arbitration was required,
that the terms and conditions
would be enforced. And here's,
again, we're got to get
into the detail here, because
this is what your listeners
need to know when they're
creating websites and applications and
so forth by signing up.
I agree to Airbnb's terms
of service. That wording is
very conspicuous. It's in the
middle of the page next
to the sign up button,
dark font, legible, appropriately sized.
And so the concept is
an active adult. Consumer would
appreciate that by signing up
for the service, they agree
to the terms and conditions.
Now turning to the other
case, which is Amazon. This
was a case in the
second circuit. Again, this is
in that, that court of
appeals that, that encompasses New York
and certain other States in
that area, that one, they
said that Amazon's terms and
conditions might not be enforceable.
They didn't. They said that
this had to go back
and there had to be
a hearing. It had to
be a trial on this.
And this was a hybrid
between a click wrap and
a browse wrap. And what
they said was, and Amazon,
and it'll be familiar to
people who use Amazon and
Amazon percher was not required
to click. I agree after
being presented with a list
of terms and conditions, nor
was the purchaser simply left
to browse the page, but
you were asked to click
place your order after being
told elsewhere that by placing
your order, you agree to
the privacy notice and conditions
of use. So the point
is you're not clicking the
terms of use. You're clicking
a button that says by
clicking this button, you're agreeing
to the terms of use.
And I see, so you
take an explicit action to
continue your relationship, your transactional
relationship with Amazon and implicitly,
you are agreeing to their
privacy notice and their conditions
of use That's right. And
so what they're saying is,
first of all, that might
be confusing to people. First
of all, they might overlook
it. And the second part
of that was the, it
was that the words by
placing your order, you agree
to Amazon's conditions of use
was not bold. It wasn't
capitalized. It wasn't conspicuous in
terms of what was, what
else was on the webpage.
There was a lot of,
of information on the webpage.
And so the idea was
that, because there were so
many links, there were so
many things they were saying
that I think there were
15 to 25 links on
the order page, alongside buttons
for promotion and advertisements and
so forth, that it was
just as they said, distracting.
So as to temper, whatever
effect the notification had such
that the person might not
know that they were giving
up these rights. So again,
the point is not to
say that there's something wrong
with Amazon and something right.
With Airbnb or anything like
that. The point here is
to say that this is
something that developers should be
looking at carefully. You don't
want to just, just assume
that because you've always done
it this way. This is
the way it should be
done, because you're using a
template that a, a customer,
a client is using. That's
correct. Instead, the actual configuration
of the pages, the click-throughs
the, I agrees the so
forth. All of that should
be looked at by an
attorney who was familiar with
this, as well as the
actual terms of con and
conditions. Those should be reviewed
so that it comports with
this case law, especially because
the case law is changing
so rapidly. Yeah. There are
articles written online that the
browse wrap and click wrap
distinction is kind of falling
apart. Do I need to
make as a developer? I
mean, do I need to
ask them a quiz? You
know, like, Hey, referring back
to paragraph six, what's the
fifth word? Like how, how
far do I have to
go with, Well, that's what
we do. In other words,
you're describing what we do.
We have clients, we have
a lot of eCommerce clients.
We have a lot of
people who want us to
review their websites for efficacy
and enforceability. And we literally
go, go through each page.
We look at it, we
look at the factors in
the cases and we make
recommendations. And by the way,
these recommendations, a lot of
them are common sense recommendations.
And it may be that
when someone is putting one
of these websites together, the
developer is being given conflicting
signals because the developer sort
of in between the, the
customer, their client is telling
them, you know, I want
the functionality. I want it
to be quick. I want
to be able to, to
sell the service, et cetera.
And then they have to
also be saying, well, if
it's too quick and it's
too simple, you may not
have enforceability. So the, the
lawyer in the, in the
mix may be saying, well,
we need these changes to,
it might slow it down
a little bit. There might
be an extra screen. There
might be an extra click
that has to happen, but
that's important because if you
sell the product with no
terms and conditions, if you're
selling the service with no
terms and conditions, you're putting
the client in danger without
them even knowing it. Hmm.
This is really, really useful
information. And I appreciate you
taking the time to chat
with me about it today.
So you can check out
Gary's website@gdnlaw.com. Not only do
they do internet law, but
also if you're an app
developer or maybe you're doing
video games, they have a
separate section on app and
video game developer legal services,
a lot of experience in
this space, GDN law.com. Thank
you so much, Gary, for
chatting with me. Thank you.
And thank you to all
your listeners for, for listening
and good luck. I hope
that this process is a
little bit easier having listened
to this podcast. Fantastic. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.